it's a beautiful day for a quarantine
yes it is isn't it honey is a beautiful
day for quarantine wait why are we not
quarantine why are we outside getting
coffee of course any time we're in a car
with wifey sauce most likely because
we're getting coffee what how is the
drive-thru line out on the street we're
on the street how long is this line how
long does it go down therefore it wraps
all the way around the building once and
then it goes left oh my god caffeine is
a hell of a drug we've got all these
addicts all these suckers you're a
sucker
caffeine ho oh yeah coffee ho oh my god
what that's only a fraction of it why do
you need coffee this badly I'll never
understand I wouldn't I wouldn't wait
and align this long for Splash Mountain
to Disneyland and that's a great ride I
love that ride but I would never wait
for it as long as you wait for coffee
you crazy how sanitary are the practices
here that's like two people well that
that that sounds like you're doing all
the hard work it sounds like they're
doing nothing I mean it's obviously a
risk any time you go out so but you know
what for coffee it's worth the risk
right you're getting a coffee too
today's video is sponsored by the
corsair dark core RGB pro wireless
gaming mouse experience thoughtful
flexibility with a wired connection
Bluetooth or Corsair slipstream
technology offering sub 1 millisecond
wireless speed interchangeable side
grips provide extreme comfort and
control and an 18,000 dpi optical sensor
delivers pinpoint accuracy
click on the link below to learn more
we're matching smiling angry what why is
he weird - venti iced decaf latte with
soy milk is usually weirder they have a
camera so he probably saw that I was
filming and toned down the weirdness
dang it I need to be more discreet next
time are you like just like that like
yeah I was like literally like this
holding with the mini tripod and
everything so he's probably looking at
me thinking I'm weird but he's weird he
totally trolled us he's he's smart for a
weirdo approaching weirdness no they're
too busy listening to barista stuff like
blenders see I can't even hear anything
you're saying what are you saying right
now I can't tell because I'm a barista
that'd be a cool little shift for the
blog little video transition like hey
guys now we're at the pool but we can't
go to the pool it's closed I never come
around these parts what else is around
here oh boy oh boy oh oh my gosh the two
letters fell off the are in the end fell
off elf boy it's supposed to be a boy oh
unicorn right
[Music]
thank you
he's not here weirdness aborted we'll
come back in an hour until we get to
shop here I mean it's a little weird
voice how do you put up I resist about
to say that how do I you you get a medal
you get it you get three gold stars just
for not having killed me at spray spray
get a good
you didn't even spray the stroke it's
your life it's yours to risk it spray
good you're a good little apocalypse
companion know that so long Starbucks
more like star sucks am i right mmm it's
so good though oh that's filled my mouth
let's go eat food food food all right
honey I just made the order we can pick
it up between 1139 and 11:59 so we
should probably add Heather now we're
what oh shoot what time is it now
eleven twelve crap we've got to wait
here it's gotta sit around their hands
okay take a drive around the block
that'll be exhilarating pedal to the
metal baby whoa whoa whoa slow down
there Speed Racer
you're gonna start threatening the Prius
is on the road online orders only well
since we're here should we make an order
no you have to wait for the email it's
like an hour yeah that's true under
local booze shop see if they'll accept
walk-ins are you doing like online
orders only or do you guys accept
walk-ins you just Park in the middle of
the street and see how long we get away
wait I don't have my ID if they won't
let us buy it then I'll we'll just leave
and then you come back in five minutes
later they won't recognize you you're
wearing a mask
[Music]
oh boy and the girl who could care less
same different day right girl a new
challenger has appeared that's the
neighbor's cat and why it's our cat
Krang a few moments later
congratulations boy you've won the fight
what would you like to say to your fans
can you tell us what was going through
your mind in the kitty octagon in other
news I figured you guys might want a
little update on our big boy here this
is the thread Ripper dream PC this is
gonna be my workstation system that I've
already done two part one video on you
can check that out we're gonna have
metal tubing's it's gonna be fully
water-cooled threader / 3970 X 64 thread
processor it's gonna be absolutely
insane so quick update here the correct
Ram finally arrived this is the
Thermaltake tough Ram non RGB earlier
Thermaltake sent me the RGB version
which I did not want because it didn't
match our RGB list industrial theme so I
have them send me this one as you can
see these sticks are void of any RGB
lighting we've oh crap my bad
whoops-a-daisy it's like I was saying
you can see there were void of any RGB
lighting there's no unicorn vomit on
these sticks you've got some chrome
accents on the sides here I was actually
hoping that the chrome would continue on
this part of the bar I think from
pictures I just thought that this part
was Chrome too but it's more of like a
brushed aluminum finish which looks
really nice as well I was just kind of
hoping it would be all chromed out to
match the rest of the chrome bits in our
build but I think it still looks pretty
good you guys let me know sure thing
also in the first build log I was still
deciding on what fans and fan grills to
go with as far as fangirls go I did find
a grill that caught my eye that I
thought would be really perfect for this
build and I have it right here
I bought this off of performance pcs
calm it's actually from mm PC tech
though it's beautifully machined like
the CNC machining on this is absolutely
perfect and the individual grills even
rotate it's actually a really nice grill
not cheap though 85 dollars for one of
these and I bought two of them what I
regret to say that I'll be returning
them as well it's not so much the
styling that I have a problem with but
moreso the color and finish kind of like
the the tough Ram you know I was
expecting it to be all chromed out at
the top here I think I was expecting
this to have a more
maduk finish as well but it's definitely
more of like a brushed metal which still
like I said looks really good and it's
kind of hard to tell in person but when
I look at it and I really just kind of
think about it my guts telling me this
isn't the girl for the job so I'm gonna
have to return it and the hunt continues
for the perfect fan grill for this bill
by the way we need a name we need a name
for this build so I can stop calling it
the ultimate dream thread Ripper ten
thousand dollar machine I just need a
simple name to identify it by easily so
if you guys have any ideas let me know
down below so I guess so we're doing now
boys are ma super excited yeah you've
got a shipping label here and let's see
it come on baby come on give it to me
now printing now pretty damn pretty
oh it's not it's not working just as I
suspected
are you allowed to be on camera right
now yeah you look good the robe she is a
cheetah print Brown this printer has not
been working for months now it wasn't
working at all with wife he sauces
system I finally got it working with
herds and now it's not working with mine
in fact it's not even working for hers
anymore it's just gone full [__] oh
wait oh oh oh oh that's why I bought a
new one I completely forgot I'm thinking
two steps ahead here look at me Kyle you
sly w oh wait hold on is it printing is
it working it's been trying to print
this for like the last ten minutes
oh it worked geez Louise I don't know
should I keep the new printer now should
I return it because this one's
technically working but it takes forever
to print what do you think we should do
portrait Kyle you always know the right
thing to say this is one handed
packaging at work vlogging well
packaging look at how beautiful oh crap
hold on I got this I got this bad boy
you fish that actually reminds me I need
to pick up an interruptible power supply
soon oh crap crap crap literal crap on
the floor again was it really that hard
could they not have dropped it five feet
that way seriously
[Music]